Yesterday...
Yesterday?
We kissed.
What?
I was so jittery about seeing you again
that sleep completely escaped me.
Did you manage to get any rest?
Ui Yeong, is it true?
Did you kiss?
Yeah, we did.
But... Do I really have to admit that publicly?
Are you going to stay here?
We have something important to discuss.
[Episode 5]
What's so important?
Wait...
We may have missed each other before,
but we ended up meeting again.
- And we kissed.
- Once I decide something isn't right,
- The way he's wrapping this up...
- I don't go back on it.
sounds exactly like a confession.
What should we do?
Should we just start dating
and see how it goes?
Ms. Ui Yeong?
I meant we should work together.
Oh, what did you say?
Eun Ho brought this yesterday
when he dropped off the luggage.
Sua's really good at drawing.
But why...
Oh, she drew on it.
It sounded like a losing deal for the hotel.
They even agreed to run the pop-up
within the concept and budget we proposed.
And I liked their new idea even more,
[Deluxe Double Room & Signature Furniture]
creating package rooms featuring the furniture.
This way,
guests can naturally try out the furniture.
For furniture makers,
it is not about how pretty it looks.
We always want people to know
how sturdy it really is.
I see.
About that day,
I'm sorry I got angry
without even hearing you out.
You don't have to apologize.
I'm really grateful that you changed your mind.
Let's work well together from now on.
- Okay.
- Then,
let's get the concept approved by the brand
and move straight into the kickoff meeting.
How does your schedule look?
The sooner the better for us.
Should we check our schedules?
Sounds good.
We're ready anytime.
Maybe Monday?
Alright then, take care.
Ms. Ui Yeong, well...
The ki...
Key?
Keyring, no.
Cream. There's cream on your face, right here.
Maybe from the latte?
Actually, I mean...
The...
K-Key...
Oh, here it is.
Oh, okay.
Alright then, I'll get going.
Bye.
But I had a latte.
Why is there cream on my face?
Come to think of it...
Is that really how the kiss thing ended?
I don't know.
What on earth did I just say?
They kissed?
The wood is pretty sensitive.
Depending on the temperature and humidity,
it expands and contracts.
So sometimes the furniture can warp a little.
- Why?
- Sorry?
- What?
- Oh.
- What do you mean?
Oh, what I mean is
we offer free repairs for a year.
Yeah, that's it.
Right.
[After work, let's go to your place.]
So you really don't need to worry about that.
Please take your time and have a look around.
You've got some nerve, man.
I bet everyone in heaven knows by now.
How do you kiss someone in a church?
I wasn't thinking. I swear.
About the kiss, or telling everyone about it.
I did it because I wasn't thinking.
You did well.
Hey.
There's no stamp stronger than a kiss.
You've stamped it already,
so don't even think about backing out.
- Uncle.
- Take responsibility...
Dad.
What? You were listening?
Those don't have noise-canceling, remember?
Sua,
listen.
Your uncle here kissed someone.
Like when you give your dad a peck.
So are you two in a relationship now?
- Right.
- But you know,
that idea is totally outdated, huh?
What responsibility is there from a kiss?
Did anyone get hurt? Did something break?
Well...
I think your uncle might be a little broken.
Not broken. Just softer.
That's what happens when you like someone.
Yeah, you're right.
It's been so long I forgot.
Congrats, Uncle.
Liking someone is something to celebrate.
So what are you going to do?
I should tell her I'll work hard
and do dating properly this time.
You got this.
Tell me if something good happens.
And tell me if you need cheering up too.
You know we're always on your side.
Hey, Lee Sua.
How do you know all this stuff?
Have you dated before?
You said those don't have noise canceling, huh?
Hey, you need my permission to date, okay?
But I'm not giving permission...
You're not dating anyone, right?
This is our division head.
And these are the representatives from HOME.
I'm Song Tae Seop.
I'm Lee Eun Ho.
We're ready.
Hello.
- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
Sir...
Attorney Kang, it's been a while.
Hello.
I heard there was an unpleasant incident
during the bidding process.
Thank you for accepting the proposal again.
We've already received a sufficient apology.
From here on, I hope both companies
can work together on this project.
We don't hold grudges.
So, this is the pop-up concept.
It draws inspiration from a local bar
that captures the heritage of Deerfiddich,
a whiskey that has delivered
the same signature sip for over a century...
After passing through
a photo zone and mini bar...
Showcasing the history of Deerfiddich...
Allowing them to experience the whiskey
in a more sensory way.
In the second exhibition zone,
the actual bottles will be displayed
by aging year,
with explanations of
each one's character and appeal.
I'm looking forward to the results.
Please support whatever HOME needs.
- Yes.
- Got it.
Thank you.
So...
I told them to take extra care preparing this.
How is it?
- It's really good.
- That's a relief.
Please enjoy.
By the way,
what made you change your mind?
Because of Ms. Ui Yeong.
Oh, well...
He tends to keep things short,
so people sometimes misunderstand him.
What he means is
Ms. Ui Yeong's passion changed our minds.
That's what he meant.
I've never seen anyone fold animals
out of towels that well before.
She really does handle things
with a lot of creativity.
Yes, she really does.
So going forward,
I'd like to keep communicating
through Ms. Ui Yeong as well.
Yes, that sounds good.
I'll be the one coordinating with the brand,
so just keep me updated on the progress.
Okay.
Then if you need anything,
please feel free to contact me anytime.
Sure.
Please, go ahead and eat.
We have to work on the pop-up booth
and the hotel room furniture at the same time,
so I'm a little worried
the schedule might be tight.
Yeah, that's true.
We'll probably be busy for a while,
so how about we go on dates after work?
"Dates?"
- You know we're at work, right?
- Oh, right.
Good thing no one else heard that.
So, want to?
Yeah, I'd like that.
Hold it together.
Even if you miss him, hold it in.
You're getting butterflies again?
You look totally obsessed.
What?
Look at this.
[You're getting butterflies in your celery]
This is pretty fun.
[You look totally obsessed with melon]
[Even if you miss grapes, hold it in]
[Hold these cherries]
Should we grab a coffee
before heading back to the office?
Sounds good.
Those spicy chicken feet we had...
I keep thinking about them.
At first I was like,
how do you even eat that?
They're not really used overseas, right?
But once you get hooked on that spicy flavor,
there's no going back.
Take me there again next time. To Eat Eat Club.
Sure.
I should get going.
I'm going to grab some coffee for the team.
Go on ahead.
- Thanks for today.
- No problem.
- Yes, Ui Yeong.
- Hyun Min,
I'm about to grab a coffee
before I head back to the office.
What do you and Sae Byeok want?
Then... two iced Americanos, please.
Oh, and sandwiches too.
What? You haven't eaten yet?
Not me. Sae Byeok.
Skipping meals won't help with mistakes anyway.
Oh really?
Alright, got it.
Are you just getting to work?
Yeah. Monday through Wednesday,
I work from six to closing.
Thursday and Friday, from one to six.
So what,
you ended up working
with that guy from the blind date?
Turns out he's involved in the bid
our team submitted.
Isn't that crazy?
That's crazy.
So, are you two dating now?
No.
Not that far.
Right.
You're not twenty anymore.
You can't give your whole heart over one kiss.
I've kissed a lot in my life.
If you count acting too,
probably five hundred times.
Once you start attaching meaning to it,
things just get complicated.
I could even kiss someone
right now if I wanted.
What are you doing?
And sure, a kiss isn't everything,
but it's not nothing either.
Seriously, how have you been living?
Just normally.
So how does it feel riding something like that?
Like you're cutting through the air.
"Cutting?"
If you're curious,
want me to take you for a ride?
Yeah, sure.
Next time.
[Break Room]
Sae Byeok, your internship ends soon, right?
I happened to see it
while organizing the contracts.
Yes. It ends in about a month.
Honestly, hotels may look glamorous,
but the pay isn't great
compared to the workload.
Your starting salary matters a lot.
I have a close junior who works at a bank.
If I ask, he could give you some advice.
Maybe the three of us could meet sometime...
I'll figure it out myself.
Okay.
Where are you? I need to whip you into shape.
Get to the conference room.
Ms. Ui Yeong is looking for me,
- so I'll head over first.
- Sure.
Are you on a diet these days?
No, I'm not.
Then work must be so hard you can't even eat.
It's okay. Sometimes work really is that tough.
But you learned something big this time.
You must've been really disappointed in me.
Disappointed over one mistake? Come on.
Then it's time you learn
how much strength a meal gives you,
even when things are tough.
Thank you.
Eat this and get your energy back.
Then help me out.
- Yeah?
- I'd like you...
to handle the backup work
for this pop-up project.
Me?
But if I do it...
won't HOME hate that idea?
If it were me,
I'd dislike someone who runs away
after making a mistake.
But someone who takes responsibility
and tries to fix it
is someone I'd want to work with again.
Ui Yeong...
You're going to see it through, right?
Yes! I'll do it.
Alright, who's up first?
I'll keep it short.
When people stay at a hotel,
how many actually unpack
and organize their things in the cabinet?
- Think again. Make it more practical.
- Yes, sir.
And you two need to check the floor plan again.
Where do you expect to fit furniture this big?
Even after staring at it with barely any sleep,
the room's still small
and the furniture fills it up.
Sir, this floor plan is like a blank canvas
with nowhere left to add anything.
I know it's not an easy job.
Let's call it a day.
Head home early and get some rest.
- Yes, sir.
- Yeah.
This is so heavy.
I'm telling you, it's cheapest online.
Just search it, sort by minimum order,
and it gets delivered
to your door the next day.
I feel better seeing things in person.
I can check the expiration dates myself
and catch up with a friend while I'm at it.
And make your friend carry your stuff too?
Much appreciated, my friend.
So?
What's it like working
with that guy from the blind date?
Oh, that?
We just... work.
I mean, I want to text him first sometimes,
but I know he's busy, so it feels weird.
Wouldn't it be nice if he texted me first?
- After we kissed...
- Wait, what?
You kissed that guy?
When?
Oh, that was before...
The mood just suddenly got kind of...
soft and romantic.
Are you going to nag me about it?
No, who am I to do that?
I mean, even I...
With someone I met through a used item deal...
What?
Never mind. Stuff like that happens.
Ui Yeong, want to work out?
I literally just worked out. I'm exhausted.
I'll take my pay and go.
- Bye.
- Get home safe.
Thanks.
Ms. Ui Yeong, do you have time tomorrow?
Huh?
He texted?
A peck must be nice.
A peck turns into a kiss,
and when you kiss...
It's not easy for two people
to have that kind of chemistry right away.
I've got work, so I'll head out first.
I've never had a Cinderella-at-night moment
like that before.
- Cinderella?
- No idea.
- Ma'am.
- Yes?
Do you have a moment?
[Deukgeun Deukgeun Gym]
Seven, eight, nine, ten.
So today is your last PT session.
You can feel the difference, right?
Maybe... I lost one or two kilos.
It's about the same as after
one trip to the bathroom.
But you've gained muscle and lost body fat.
If the scale changed by one or two kilos,
that's actually great progress.
You've built a solid workout habit.
But the money leaving my account
is very noticeable.
My husband nags me nonstop, you know.
Then bring your husband next time.
I'll make sure he has nothing to nag about...
Please, that would be a disaster.
Your phone keeps going off.
Oh, sorry about that.
Then I'm heading out.
Ma'am.
What are you doing?
You must've thought about me at least once.
Want to meet today?
Wait...
Did I get caught?
I should've just told the truth.
At least I wouldn't look this bad.
I'm busy today.
What happened that day was a mistake.
Please don't be upset.
[Send money via SoonmuPay]
[To HeungJeongMangJeong]
15,000 won...
Is that too much?
Then...
10,000 won.
[Enter your SoonmuPay password]
[10,000 won sent to HeungJeongMangJeong]
Could you check this machine?
Sure.
[10,000 won sent]
What?
Is this punk seriously sending me money?
What the...
Does he have mayonnaise in his head
instead of a brain?
You jerk!
I got you now!
Hello, this is Deukgeun Deukgeun Gym.
Hello? Is this Mr. Lim Seung Jun?
Yes, that's right.
Who is this?
This is the Soonmu Market operations team.
You recently sold some comic books, correct?
The buyer has filed a report.
For inappropriate conduct
and fraud in a direct transaction.
Do you admit to this?
What?
[Did you just send money?]
[Are you completely nuts?]
[You think I'm a joke?]
[Why aren't you answering?]
[Want me to break your neck?]
What is this supposed to be?
- Ui Yeong.
- Yeah?
Here's the tasting list and the recipes
for the whiskey pop-up.
Okay.
Oh, Sae Byeok.
Did you find the bartender for the event?
Yes, I booked one.
I'll send the profile by email.
- Great.
- Alright.
Dear HeungJeongMangJeong,
I truly didn't mean to upset you.
I'd like to apologize. Could we meet today?
Oh, yeah?
So you want to throw down the gauntlet?
- That Soonmu Market?
- Yeah.
Turns out it's not even recyclable.
Total trash!
- The comic books?
- No. The seller.
Looks like he skipped sex ed,
ethics class, and basic language lessons.
I'm going to educate him today.
[Song Tae Seop]
Hello.
Right now?
You're coming to the office?
Is this the only cafe around here?
Your drinks are ready.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Thank you.
Hey, do you have a girlfriend?
- That's a secret.
- Come on, tell us.
- She's the one who brought us all here today.
- Right.
Come back three more times and I'll tell you.
- Please.
- We have to come...
Welcome...
You're here... again?
Yeah.
Do the staff here pick and choose
which customers to welcome?
Well, the staff are human too.
Some customers are less welcome than others.
Yeah?
Four iced Americanos. To go.
About last time, I ended up lying to you.
You know I'm not her cousin, right?
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Get the chocolate one.
Ui Yeong loves chocolate.
Then I'll take the carrot cake
next to the chocolate one.
There are a lot of people at her office.
The chocolate one's on me.
The cake's just for the two of us.
Thanks for the freebie.
Excuse me.
- Oh, Mr. Song.
- Hello.
You even brought cake.
- Oh, thank you.
- Thanks.
Shall we head upstairs?
Okay.
- I'll be back.
- Yeah.
See you later.
Is something wrong?
There's something I'm stuck on.
I thought talking it through with you
might help me sort it out.
Okay, what is it?
There's not much space we can really use here.
Yeah. We've tried a few designs,
but none of them really fit the room.
What could we do...
Let me run a little simulation.
First I check in, come into the room,
look around,
and take photos.
Maybe a selfie too.
And then...
I immediately
- lie down.
- Oh.
I roll around, lie this way, and that way.
Basically I become one with the bed.
- Maybe watch some TV.
- I see.
So you're that type.
And the only time I finally get up
is when I'm hungry.
Mr. Tae Seop,
what if we did something on the bed?
- On the bed?
- Yeah.
Like those trays.
People use them while sitting in bed.
- A soban.
- A soban?
When I was little,
I'd set one up on the bedding.
I'd eat there or draw on it.
That actually sounds nice.
It wouldn't take up much space,
and surprisingly,
it might go well with whiskey.
- Yeah.
Then,
the bedding should probably be a darker color.
So spills won't stand out.
Let's go with the soban as the main item
and design around it.
High five?
- Yeah!
- Oh...
Ms. Ui Yeong?
She's not here?
She said she was looking around the rooms.
Where did she go?
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Did she go to another room?
It's almost time for you
to get off work, right?
Yes.
I'll give you a ride home.
[Seasons of Us]
Looks like
"Seasons of Us" is being re-released.
"Seasons of Us?"
Is it good?
You haven't seen it?
That movie hit ten million viewers.
I like that actress,
so I've seen it three times.
Oh, really?
Then I should definitely watch it.
- Mr. Tae Seop.
- Yeah?
We came up with the idea today,
and once the pop-up installation is done,
the important part is basically over, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Then after we finish work that day,
want to go see the late-night showing?
That movie is really good.
It'd be a shame to miss it.
Sounds good.
Let's grab something good to eat too.
What do you like?
Me?
I'm not picky at all.
I eat pretty much anything.
I can't wait.
Did you just get off work?
- Must've been a long day.
- Enough.
This is your last chance.
Choose your words carefully.
I'm really sorry for
not understanding how you felt.
I'm not very experienced
with this kind of thing.
Will this work?
This punk...
Didn't I say this was your last chance?
Didn't I say this was
- your last chance?
- Hey, calm down.
- Let's talk this out.
- Are you an idiot?
It's not even that expensive!
What?
Who do you think you are,
deciding what's expensive or not for me?
Wait a second.
When did I put a price on anything?
I never imagined that was the price of...
a ripped comic book.
What kind of person do you think I am?
I'm a trainer. I don't eat fried food.
I worked hard for this body.
Yeah, you should protect those nice muscles.
I'm Jung Hyun Min, thirty years old.
I work at a company.
But I've been wondering...
Why did you clean my place
before you left that day?
Well...
If only the books were put away,
that'd look suspicious.
I mean...
if I'd just taken the comics and left,
that would've looked weird.
So I just cleaned up while I was at it.
So you can eat this, right?
I'm pretty good at peeling things, by the way.
By the way,
once you sleep with someone,
do you lose interest in them?
No, not at all.
Lower your voice.
Oh, thank goodness.
Because I really like you.
What do you think of me?
In this situation, you're really asking that?
Yeah, the misunderstanding's cleared up.
Your bruise will heal soon.
We can even eat this whole chicken
without fighting.
Everything feels pretty great right now.
So... why don't we get to know each other?
Mr. Tae Seop,
you're coming
for the pop-up installation today, right?
Yes, see you soon.
Hey, watch the back.
Be careful.
You're going to break everything.
A white shirt on installation day?
- Oh, good timing.
- What?
You know that professor in Hannam-dong
who bought the desk from us?
He called asking if we could move the meeting
to tonight.
But I have to take Sua to the hospital,
- so can you handle it?
- What?
I can't, I have to go to the hotel.
He's a regular. Let's do him a favor.
He says it's because of
his kid's academy schedule.
You can head over after the meeting.
Then tell him to come as early as possible.
Jin Su!
Yes?
I'll head over after the meeting,
so let them know,
and send me some photos
during the installation.
- Oh, photos?
- Yeah.
Got it.
That intern reminds me of Senior Ui Yeong.
Acts all innocent, but she's sly.
Looks kind,
but she's actually hard to deal with.
You've changed your salary, your car,
even your taste in liquor.
So why is your taste in women still the same?
Yeah?
Stop chasing a lost cause.
There are plenty of girls
who'd say yes if I introduced you.
You really have no plans
to go back to the firm?
Okay.
Alright, let's go. One, two, three.
- Hello.
- Oh, hi.
Is the CEO not coming?
He couldn't make it
because of a client meeting.
Didn't he let you know?
I didn't...
get a message.
He must've forgotten. It happens a lot.
I see.
Excuse me,
which floor should we take all this to?
Please move everything to the L floor.
This way, please.
Watch your step.
Take it slow.
Over there? Okay.
You didn't have to move all of it.
I think I grabbed too much.
- Let me hold that for you.
- Thank you.
This is pretty heavy.
Yeah.
This way.
She sure has no problem
accepting help from others.
See you tomorrow at six.
Okay.
- Welcome.
- Hello.
- Are you ready to order?
- Yeah.
Ten hot Americanos,
ten iced ones,
and this hot chocolate here.
And I'll take all of these.
All of them?
Yes.
Ji Su...
- Come again.
- Thanks.
Excuse me.
Is the place you're going nearby?
Well...
The Hills Hotel.
Someone I like is working late there.
A hotel?
Here, just leave it here.
- Oh, okay.
- Yeah.
Alright then.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
What are you doing here?
Delivery.
You deliver now?
Just today.
- Working late?
- Yeah...
I've got that event I told you about.
Everyone, help yourselves to some coffee.
- Kang Do Hyun?
- Have some coffee.
Sae Byeok! Over here.
Attorney Kang,
what are you doing here?
Well...
It looked like you were working late,
so I brought some coffee.
Since it's late, I got you hot chocolate.
Hold on, I'll find it.
- Just a moment.
- I'm really fine.
Why didn't he mark this?
Hey, Attorney Kang.
Did I ever ask for this?
No, right?
Hold on a second.
Kang Do Hyun,
you can talk tomorrow.
There are people from other companies here.
Come on, it's just coffee.
What's wrong with buying coffee?
If the person receiving it feels uncomfortable,
you should think about that too.
You're partly responsible
for this situation too.
What?
You don't even feel sorry toward me?
For what?
You know...
Ui Yeong, because of you,
Sae Byeok feels uncomfortable around me.
Why...
Why are you acting like you like me now?
Just to get in the way of my love...
What?
Well...
I'm leaving.
I'll take all of this with me.
Oh, be careful!
Oh my!
Hey, are you okay?
- It's hot...
- Let's go to the hospital.
Get something to wipe this up!
Oh gosh...
Attorney Kang,
I think you're seriously mistaken
about something.
It's not because of her.
It's just that... people like you,
who make such a big deal out of
their own feelings,
make me uncomfortable.
Yeah...
I actually hate that.
Not as a friend, not as a coworker.
So please...
don't like me.
Hey, get this one first.
Hey, Jin Su.
- Call the boss.
- Yeah, okay.
[Under Construction]
Sorry, I'm a bit late. Something came up,
so I'm heading out now.
[Jin Su]
[Sir, we've got a problem.]
Sir, we've got a problem.
You should come take a look.
Why is this...
Fortunately, it's nothing serious.
Thank you.
- Here's your receipt.
- Thank you.
You should've been careful
with even a single drop.
I'm sorry. It was my mistake.
Everyone else worked hard the whole time.
No, it wasn't your fault.
Something unexpected happened.
Let's finish it again with a darker oil.
All of the furniture?
If we want the colors to match, we have to.
Let's hurry and finish today.
Yes.
You have to spread it like this.
[Emergency Medical Center]
Well...
I think I should head back to the hotel.
You're going back to the hotel
in that condition?
I rushed out, so I think I dropped my phone.
And they must be in chaos
trying to fix the furniture.
I should go check.
Call them first.
Okay.
Where should I move this?
CEO Song came and is helping fix things.
Oh, he's there?
We're almost done anyway,
just get some rest at home.
You were hurt, right?
I'm really sorry.
Hey, why are you apologizing?
Alright then. I'll head home today.
- See you tomorrow.
- Yeah, see you tomorrow.
Okay.
Let's just go home.
Before we go, let's stop by one place.
Oh, I meant to ask earlier
but things were hectic.
Why are there two helmets?
One for me, one for you.
You said you wanted to try riding a motorcycle.
This feels so good.
What?
I said it feels great!
It feels like a huge weight
just lifted off my chest.
When Ms. Ui Yeong stepped in to stop him,
that guy started complaining
right in front of everyone.
Saying things would've been fine
if she wasn't there.
What else could that mean?
A love triangle.
That can't be.
Come on.
Attorney Kang likes Ms. Sae Byeok.
If Ms. Ui Yeong's getting in the way,
then either they're dating
or at least something's going on.
You've never even dated. What would you know?
Even so, they don't match.
Look.
That's the lawyer from earlier.
Mr. Song Tae Seop?
Attorney Kang,
can we talk for a moment?
About what?
If this is about the furniture,
I had unavoidable circumstances...
That made me angry too, but we're handling it.
If it comes down to it,
I could hold you liable for breach of contract.
The responsible party is obvious.
You wrote the contract yourself,
so you know what it says.
Are you threatening me right now?
Threats fall under Article 283
of the criminal code...
I'm not sure
if this counts as a threat,
but I like Ms. Ui Yeong.
- What did you say?
- She's important to me.
So be careful from now on.
So...
this is all because of her?
Your words, your actions, even your thoughts.
Watch them.
[Sorry, I'm a bit late. Something came up...]
[Song Tae Seop]
[Ms. Ui Yeong]
What is this?
Isn't this just instant ramen?
Why is it so good?
Because the setting isn't ordinary.
It feels like it's soothing your soul, right?
I'm full.
By the way, did you like that lawyer too?
Do you fall for guys that fast?
Hey, no.
That guy was just...
a passing thing.
Your taste in men is really...
And don't trust that guy you kissed too much.
All this chaos today
and he didn't even show up.
He's the boss. He must be busy.
But you must be tired too.
You said you worked today, right?
Is the cafe job hard?
If you did more movies or dramas,
you'd probably make better money.
I don't act to make money.
I just do it because I like it.
Still, if you love acting,
why not make money from it too?
And it wouldn't hurt to become famous.
There'd be a price for that.
Like giving up moments like this.
To me, this view is
more comforting
than money or fame.
Thank you.
- Have this.
- Thanks.
You worked hard today, staying this late.
No, not at all.
Thank you so much for helping us.
Did you want to say something?
Nothing.
Your arms and shoulders might feel sore,
so put on a patch before bed.
Okay. Thank you for today.
- You too.
- Yeah.
They say sadness dissolves in water.
Does anger evaporate?
The wind just blew it all away.
Let me know if you want to go for another ride.
And at night, I make drinks at the cafe too.
Come by sometime. I'll take good care of you.
Here, my number.
Mr. Tae Seop? What are you doing here?
You left your phone.
Oh, I thought
I'd have to come back for it tomorrow.
Thank you.
Can we talk for a moment? It won't take long.
I'll talk to him for a bit.
You go ahead.
- Thanks for today.
- Alright.
What happened to your arm?
Did you go to the hospital?
I got burned by some coffee,
but they said it's nothing serious.
I heard from Sae Byeok
that you handled things at the site.
Thank you.
If I'd gotten there a little sooner,
it probably wouldn't have gotten this bad.
You had something to deal with, that's all.
But honestly...
I did wait for you.
I'm sorry.
From now on, I won't be late
or keep you waiting.
Do you have any photos from the site?
- Want to see?
- Yes.
Here.
It's even better than I imagined.
Not bad, right?
I got home safely.
Get some good rest tonight.
- Hyun Min,
- Yes?
- everything's ready, right?
- I think we're all set.
- Ms. Ui Yeong.
- Yes?
The bartender we booked just called.
He can't make it.
Someone in his family is sick.
- What?
- On the day of the event?
Yes.
But we really need a bartender.
What do we do?
Guys, give me a second.
The props you made fit our hotel perfectly.
I especially love this octagonal soban.
I heard the soban and bedding idea
was something you and Ms. Ui Yeong
came up with together.
You two have great chemistry.
Thank you.
And the guest rooms
will first be used as a trial
by brand representatives and VIP guests.
After that, we'll reorganize them
and open them to regular guests.
Orders placed through the pop-up
will be collected
and passed along through Ms. Ui Yeong.
- Thank you. We appreciate it.
- Thank you.
And this is...
a small gift for the staff who worked so hard.
- Oh.
- Wow.
- The team is going to love this.
- Right.
You can use this room.
We'll call you when the pop-up opens.
- Please get some rest first.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
We were in a hurry,
so I just had him wear one of our uniforms.
Yeah, it couldn't be helped.
We did our best.
How do I look?
- Is it too short?
- Wow.
The bartender experience booth
is very popular right now.
It's great.
If you purchase any two items...
Here you go.
Hey.
My wrist is about to fall off.
I said I'd make you a drink,
not serve all these people.
I'll make it up to you.
But seriously,
did this place really get designed
by that guy, Song Tae Seop?
Yeah. Isn't it amazing?
Oh, Mr. Tae Seop!
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Can I get you something?
No, I'm good.
- Did you look around?
- Yes, it's incredible.
And it seems like
the brand representatives are really pleased.
That's a relief.
If you have a moment...
Sir,
could you greet the guests over there too?
Oh, yes.
Just a second.
Son Jeong A!
What's with her?
This brand has been the main sponsor
of the Geumsang Arts Awards for years.
She's just beautiful.
I'm a huge fan of hers.
She doesn't even act anymore.
She's just a celebrity now.
Oh gosh, did you see that? She winked at me!
You saw that, right? She winked at me.
- There you are.
- Oh, hi.
You looked pretty busy greeting everyone.
Yeah...
But things have settled down now.
I know.
Thanks to you,
everything seems to have gone well.
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Yes?
About that thing
we didn't get to do last time...
- Ms. Ui Yeong!
- Yes?
Some people didn't seem to know
about the after-party tonight.
You did send the notice, right?
Oh, right.
Geez...
You're coming too, right?
I actually don't drink...
It's at the cafe right up front.
You and your team are coming, right?
Even if I don't drink,
I always make it to the after-party.
That's when a project really feels finished.
- You have to come.
- Of course.
- See you later.
- Promise!
You worked really hard.
You too.
- Hello.
- Great work today.
- Thank you.
- Oh, here they come.
- Hello.
Great work today.
Have a seat.
You're everywhere I go.
I'm exactly where I should be.
Ever think you might be the one butting in?
Jin Su, here.
I love company dinners.
Hey, switch seats with me.
Mr. Song!
Where are you going? Over here.
- No, I...
- I saved you a seat.
You should join us for a drink.
Just have one here first,
and you can move seats later.
Great work today, sir.
Wait, where is Mr. Lee Eun Ho?
He couldn't make it today.
Something came up with his child.
Thank you.
- How about a drink, sir?
- I don't drink alcohol.
Just hold the glass.
♪ Your glass is filling up ♪
- One second.
- Drink up.
Mr. Ji Su, have a drink with us too.
- Have a seat!
- Do you want another drink?
Mrs. Na Ri, have a drink too.
You have to drink on a day like this.
And...
- Let me pour you a drink.
- Thanks.
- Great work today.
- Thank you.
Alright,
fill up your glasses.
Let's meet again soon
on another project, in good health.
- Cheers!
- Cheers.
- Thank you.
- Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you for your effort.
This is so sweet.
Let's start the Rabbit Game!
- Umchi-chi, umchi-chi.
- Bunny, bunny.
- Carrot, carrot!
Where is Attorney Kang?
He probably won't come.
How would you know that?
Have a drink.
Everyone except Yu Been, let's raise a glass.
Sounds good.
This is so fun.
But Mr. Ji Su,
what exactly do you do? Are you a bartender?
Oh, his real job?
He's an actor.
Seriously?
I do theater,
and I've worked a lot of part time jobs,
so I picked up things like this.
I knew it. You've got a different aura.
Do you have a fan club?
If not, I'll start one today.
I'll be the president.
Don't be the president. Be the audience.
I'll invite all of you.
- Come see my play.
- I love that!
- Promise!
- Yeah!
- You better keep that promise.
- Of course.
Come on, let's drink!
Come on.
You too.
Drink up!
Oh, your place is that way...
So you usually drive on Gangbyeonbuk-ro, huh?
Gang... Gangbyeon...
Where exactly is Gangbyeon?
You usually get drunk after only two drinks.
Sir...
How many fingers do you see?
Hey, when did your hand grow six fingers?
Hold on.
I'm going to get some air.
Be careful.
Excuse me for a second.
Let me just...
Mr. Tae Seop?
Mr. Tae Seop.
Hey.
Are you okay?
No, I'm not.
My stomach...
It feels like it's turning.
Oh my...
I'll run and get a hangover remedy.
Just wait here a second, okay?
No. Don't go.
What?
I mean... you're right here,
but I can't hold on to you.
So my stomach keeps turning.
You can't go.
So this is your cute drunk side.
Mr. Tae Seop,
I'm not going anywhere.
So...
you don't have to hold on that tight.
Oh, okay.
But Ms. Ui Yeong,
do you still want to go on that date with me?
Yes, I do.
Then...
do you want to go somewhere
and have one more drink just the two of us?
Right now?
Okay.
Then I'll quickly grab my bag and come back.
Just wait here a second, okay?
Don't go anywhere. Stay right here.
I'll be right back.
Mr. Tae Seop!
Mr. Tae Seop, you can't fall asleep here.
Wake up.
It's dangerous to sleep here.
We said we'd go for another round.
What is this?
Where am I?
Hold on.
What is this? Why is this black?
What?
Oh no...
Did I sleep with him?
Did I do it?
What are you doing?
What are you doing here? Why are you here?
What exactly... is going on right now?
I'm not entirely sure either,
but it seems like...
something went wrong.
[Do you want to go on a date with me?]
[Failed to control my strength]
[Is anger volatile or something?]
[No. Don't go]
According to the witnesses,
there wasn't just one man.
There were two.
This is insane.
I usually don't meddle
in other people's business,
but when it comes to you, I keep stepping in.
Something about this feels off.
What do you think about the rumors?
Wait, Ji Su?
Is he actually close with Son Jeong A?
Chance of rain, 46 percent.
I've never seen anyone
prepare this much for a date.
Do you even know what an opportunity is,
you clueless guy?
"Clueless?"